one of the tracks Martin had not won on
his career as is this track he has not
wanted Indianapolis although he's come
so close here so many times he's had
five top fives including a second-place
finish two thirds and a fourth and he
has started on the foot rug guys three
times they've seen him working the
steering wheel right there he is on that
wheel right now and he's running the
fastest lap of anybody so far this
weekend in the happy hour so if he can
at least match that and he's on three
poles so far this year and when we
talked to him a little while ago he said
he had he knew he had a pretty good car
had to get it better in race trim but it
is obviously pretty fast a qualifying
trim he's got that car hung out pretty
good right and that's what you really
have to have to make a good lap around
here well you know even even is it we
talked about it being very textbook but
you still have to be very aggressive
when you qualify here using the fall to
race track you can see out of turn four
there to get that straight front
straightaway speed leave well down in
the floor
this way I put a lap here on 43 Wow man
that's an understatement
that gives the other 43 something to
look at there doesn't seem think about
running another buddy break out your old
guys yeah we're not buying it mark sorry
the car just was sliding a lot more than
I expected so you know I'll take the
time but I certainly was disappointed
with what the driver of the car we were
really good at the end of practice
yesterday and thought that we might you
know might really roll but I'll take the
time and it's a pretty good lap time and
we'll go racing I don't know it just
feels so good for this race team to be
driving their car car quests and
Kellogg's and Chevrolet and everybody at
Hendrick Motorsports all my teammates
you know Dale Earnhardt jr. in Jimmie
Johnson and and Jeff Gordon have been so
incredibly supportive and Alan Gustafson
and this team
we're just they're incredible and it's
just a privilege it's such a privilege
to to do this and it's really special I
want the Sloan family to know that that
everybody here is you know it's thinking
about them in our prayers are with you
you're gonna lead the field for the
Brickyard 400 on Sunday what would it
mean to add a victory to the pole that
you've earned here today not thinking
much about it let's talk about that
efforts done but it's cool really really
really awesome was just awesome to drive
a race car like this work with such
professional people you know Alan and
and all these guys that work on this car
I've got the biggest hearts in the world
and I was miserable all morning
knowing that we were at the top of the
sheet yesterday and I didn't wanna I can
take it okay I can take the
disappointment but I didn't want to
break their hearts man I really wanted
to go out and lay a lap down and I
wasn't that thrilled with with my was I
was happy with a lap time don't get me
wrong but I didn't think that was that
was my best lap by any means the car was
sliding
quite a bit so I guess it's sliding
because that's going to